## Writing TPO49 Independent

Recently the question of whether make a lot of friends or just maintain relationship with a small group of friends has been raisen its importance as our instant communication tools expanding our means of interaction with people. To me, I definitely agree with the idea that maintain relationship with a small group of friends is more important for happiness. My reasons are as follows.
First of all, maintaining friendship with a small group is absoulely easier and it provides a feeling of stability. Keeping in touch with a lot of people is actually a very exhausting process, because you have to have a word with them once in a while, and the number of these friends makes the work uneasy. However, maintaining friendship a small group of them is a different thing. Though you may be required to devote more energy to communicating with each of them, it is a much more enjoyable work. After all, there are just a few of them. What's more, you don't have to worry about their forgetting about you for the strong connection between you and them, which makes your life much easier because you always know there's someone stand for you. In this way, your happiness in life is assured with a relatively low cost.
Sencondly, close relationship provides mutual support which is so precious in a person's life that it greatly raises one's feeling of happiness. Take myself as an example. Through my entire period of primary and middle school, I only managed to build strong relationship between a few friends. We have a lot of hobbies in common, and we always do them together. Whenever I confronted a problem or a difficulty, no matter it's about the school work or some psychological problems, I will go asking one of them for help, without worrying about their laughing at me or lake of understanding of what I am talking about. They helped me solved a bunch of problems and I was in good mood most of the time with the company of them. From my personal experience,  maintaining close friendships with a small number of people is indeed more helpful for happiness for the important mutual support accompanied with them.
Above all, I strongly stand for the point of view that maintaining friendships with a small number of people over a long period of time is more important for happiness.